# Overview

Create a small Python command line application that allows a user to transform an existing dataset into a dataset with a different format.

For this assignment:

- The input files arrive in CSV format, where the first row represents the column headers and the remaining rows are the data.
- The resulting output file should be a CSV
- The output CSV should be able to have different column order to the input.
- Allow a transformation to be applied to any existing column before it is output: e.g Format a date, change a timezone, recode enumeration values, strip sensitive information, perform a calculation.
- Your implementation should have the following 3 transformations available to configure on columns in the sample data set:
  - Convert UUIDs into a simple integer sequence, whilst maintaining their uniqueness
  - Redact fields to replace data that is sensitive with similar looking random data
  - Convert timestamps to the appropriate date in the year-month-day format.
- The user `sample.csv` input data file is provided, this has 100 lines.

Please include instructions on how to run your tool to generate a transformed output
and also include the output file generated by following the instructions in your
submission.

In the README of your submission. Please also include a bullet level discussion of how
your implementation would scale to 1,000,000 line input files and what changes
would be required to minimise the processing time and to scale to effectively utilise
the available resources of the machine being used.
